: animal commuteplace
cat land dog land
cat land snake land
cat land whale water
cat land shark water
cat land otter water
cat land vulture sky
cat land eagle sky
cat land pidgeon sky
dog land cat land
dog land snake land
dog land whale water
dog land shark water
dog land otter water
dog land vulture sky
dog land eagle sky
dog land pidgeon sky
snake land cat land
snake land dog land
snake land whale water
snake land shark water
snake land otter water
snake land vulture sky
snake land eagle sky
snake land pidgeon sky
whale water cat land
whale water dog land
whale water snake land
whale water shark water
whale water otter water
whale water vulture sky
whale water eagle sky
whale water pidgeon sky
shark water cat land
shark water dog land
shark water snake land
shark water whale water
shark water otter water
shark water vulture sky
shark water eagle sky
shark water pidgeon sky
otter water cat land
otter water dog land
otter water snake land
otter water whale water
otter water shark water
otter water vulture sky
otter water eagle sky
otter water pidgeon sky
vulture sky cat land
vulture sky dog land
vulture sky snake land
vulture sky whale water
vulture sky shark water
vulture sky otter water
vulture sky eagle sky
vulture sky pidgeon sky
eagle sky cat land
eagle sky dog land
eagle sky snake land
eagle sky whale water
eagle sky shark water
eagle sky otter water
eagle sky vulture sky
eagle sky pidgeon sky
pidgeon sky cat land
pidgeon sky dog land
pidgeon sky snake land
pidgeon sky whale water
pidgeon sky shark water
pidgeon sky otter water
pidgeon sky vulture sky
pidgeon sky eagle sky